Long Shuai has something to report to you.
There was a riot in Lake Province.
The subordinates have released the news.
Say you have gone to Lake Province
It has subsided over there
Well done, those people are just the fishing party of Tiger Country
defeat
But the winner and the loser
This is the law of nature
Long Shuai Tiandou has just settled in
How do you plan to layout it?
So I decided.
Three days later, a river selection conference will be held in Fengshen Mansion
I will choose the right person
Called Heaven Dou Shrine
understand
Any news on the other girl named Yueyue?
It's all my fault for not protecting him well
If I see him again
I will never let him go
Cousin Zhou Heng
Long time no see.
Second cousin me
The first step of the drug rights plan failed
Do you still have the face to come back?
Second cousin, you can't blame me
I didn't expect him to have an incompetent expectation
It will definitely be that Tengu
Long Shuai, I accidentally offended him
That's why.
You don't want to die for a better reason
Tian Doulong Dou was not in Jiang Province at all that day
Write thousands of certificates
Second cousin, he not only opened the lark door
And he also pulled out the Eight Desolate Sword
In the end, even the Heaven Dou King
Even the needle knelt down for him
I saw it with my own eyes.
Dad, what the hell is going on?
Didn't Tiandoulong Shuai go to the lake?
Don't you understand?
The Long Shuai who appeared on the Heaven Dou Skylark is fake
fake